# Towards-the-future-of-AI
Poster for Towards the future of AI - 2022 event at Imperial College, by Haosu

Abstract

As the complexity of modern manufacturing technologies increases, traditional trial-and-error design, which requires iterative and expensive simulations, becomes unreliable and time-consuming. This difficulty is especially significant for the design of hot-stamped safety-critical components, such as ultra-high-strength-steel (UHSS) B-pillars. To reduce design costs and ensure manufacturability, scalar-based Artificial-Intelligence-empowered surrogate modelling (SAISM) has been investigated and implemented, which can allow real-time manufacturability-constrained structural design optimisation. However, SAISM suffers from low accuracy and generalisability, and usually requires a high volume of training samples. To solve this problem, a field-based Artificial-intelligence-empowered surrogate modelling (FAISM) approach is developed in this research, which is demonstrated using the initial blank optimisation of a hot-stamped UHSS B-pillar. The FAISM, which is based on a Res-SE-U-Net architecture, is trained to predict the full thinning field of the as-formed component given an arbitrary blank shape. Excellent prediction accuracy (with the test-set mean relative error being 7.44% which is below the empirical industrial criterion of 10.0%) is achieved with a training set containing only 64 simulation samples, which is significantly less than the amount of samples required by SAISM to obtain same accuracy. The superior performance of the FAISM also indicates the small-data learning nature of engineering AI tasks using field-based data representations. As a high-accuracy and generalisable surrogate modelling tool, FAISM can be integrated into real-time, multi-metric design optimisation, which can significantly reduce design cycles and improve full-chain design performance.
[Poster.pdf](https://github.com/YaoshiHuang/Towards-the-future-of-AI/files/9005906/Poster.pdf)
